# RemoteSensingCropModels

Natural resources are managed at field-scale (small), but, climate, and soils (two key drivers of agronomic output) vary at different scales, and policy settings are usually set at regional and national scales. Working across these multiple scales is one of the biggest challenges in understanding how climate change may affect the stability of food security and economic outputs in countries where livestock industry represents a major component of the economy (e.g. Argentina, Uruguay and Australia).

The lack of engagement with this problem is strongly linked with the disassociation of two related research fields. While, remote-sensing research has advanced in translating of satellite data to meaningful information via agronomic variables at field scales, modelling capabilities at catchment scale (large) represents the only tool able to answer, real world, tactical and operational farming questions. However, to find answers at a larger scale and fill the knowledge gap it demands a large-scale calibration of models, so they can be applied over a broad range of situations. Thus, a promising approach is to use remote-sensing data to validate models. Another aspect that prevents the provision of useful tools to the livestock industry is the lack of engagement of academia with decision-makers, key actors who should provide co-innovative “common-sense” rules to test models.

We will aim to engage these key actors to enhance interactions that will tackle this problem. The modelling group is based in Australia. They are known worldwide for their contribution in the ‘farming’ modelling field through APSIM. APSIM is a modelling framework originally developed in Queensland but is now developed and maintained by a consortium of researchers across the globe, under the banner of the [APSIM Initiative](http://www.apsim.info/), including the USQ partner of this project. It represents farming systems in near ‘real-time’ (daily) based on a detailed scientific understanding of biological and physical processes. Simultaneously, it is sensitive to the implementation of farm management decisions (e.g. fertilisation, irrigation).

The remote-sensing partners are based in Argentina, at the Regional Analysis and Remote-Sensing Lab-University of Buenos Aires (UBA-LART). Over the last 20+ years, this team has provided insights to estimating forage production through remote-sensing. This capability was recognised early by the the largest farmer organisation in Argentina, the AACREA (Argentine Association of Regional Consortiums of Agricultural Experimentation). One of the positive outputs of this interaction between academia and decision-makers was the development of a web tool known as the [Forage Control Board](https://tableroforrajero.crea.org.ar/dashboardcrea2/index.php/dashboards/czone). It allows easy and quick visualisation of forage growth (a proxy for animal feed availability) and facilitates comparisons with historical productivity regionally in Argentina. Forage production estimations are generated through the translation of satellite data combined with specific algorithms. Currently, 200 plus farms (associated with AACREA) contribute to the platform’s database, covering an area close to 500,000 hectares, across several eco-regions. More recently, farmers’ organisations from Uruguay recognised the potential utility of this information and, several farms are also receiving forage information through this tool. The experimental dairy/beef farmlets are run by our Uruguayan partner (Instituto Nacional de Investigación Agropecuaria, INIA).
